Questions:

What is a typical workday like?

How much importance do you guys give to innovation specially coming from junior people in the team?

What is the best aspect of working for this company? What is the most challenging?

What is your favorite part?


ASK THIS
	“Actually yeah, I was wondering what your best moment so far at (company name here) was?”

1. What’s the biggest change your team has gone through in the last year? Does your team feel like things are getting better in the economy and for your business?

2. If I get the job, how do I earn a “gold star” on my performance review? What are the key accomplishments you’d like to see in this role over the next year?

* 3. What’s your (or my future boss’) leadership style?

4. About which competitor are you most worried?

6. What type of people are successful here? What type of people are not?

* 7. What’s one thing that’s key to this company’s success that somebody from outside the company wouldn’t know about?

8. How did you get your start in this industry? Why do you stay?

9. What keeps you up at night? What’s your biggest worry these days?

10. What’s the timeline for making a decision on this position? When should I get back in touch with you?


* 11. What is your reward system? Is it a star system / team-oriented / equity-based / bonus-based / golf-clap-based? Why is that your reward system? If you could change any one thing about it, what would it be?


14. Who are the heroes at your company? What characteristics do the people who are most celebrated have in common with each other? Conversely, what are the characteristics that are common to the promising people you hired, but who then flamed out and failed or left?





Any advice for software engineers trying to figure out where their role should be? 

Pick a company with a lot of problems, and you’re able to try out a lot of different things. You can’t figure out what you want to do just in your head — you have to try a few types of roles and move around a bit 


---------------------------------------------------------------------


--- What are you most proud of?

Infrastructure I built, testing architecture is whats being used right now as basement for a long term project





--- What was the most challenging of the project?


Technical challenge - Learning intricacies of a new software within the stipulated time of a project. 

Often times you are put on a project where you have, say, 6 months to execute it but the technology you'll be working on is not your area of expertise and then you have to spend time learning it within a month or so. This is particularly tough, especially when you are dealing with several unique concepts all at once.




----------------------------------------------------------------------
TOP

What is a typical workday like?




How much importance do you guys give to innovation specially coming from junior people in the team?

What is the best aspect of working for this company? What is the most challenging?

Given this is a big company, how much impact do junior level engineer usually end up making to the whole product?"

How do you think this position will help me grow as an engineer?"

Where have successful employees previously in this position progressed to within the company?

How do you guys handle things go wrong


	What is it like working at Facebook?
	What is your favorite part?


----------------------------------------------------------------------
POTENTIALS

What have you learned working here? 

What motivates you and other employees to take company to the next level?

What are the skills and attributes you value most for someone being hired for this position?



Could you describe a typical day or week in this position? 
What are the most immediate challenges of the position that need to be addressed in the first three months?







What can you tell me about your new product or plans for growth?

What would you consider to be the most important aspects of this job?

What do you perceive are my greatest potential strengths and possible weakness if I were to fill this position?


------------------------------------------------------------------------
END

Is there any other information or documentation I can provide to support my candidacy? May I share one more way I believe I may be of assistance if offered this position?

What are the next steps?





It's Python for sure because of fantastic libraries like Numpy and Pandas, and the ability of IPython's ability to easily share my work with non-engineers.