* What hours do most people work?



* Are there opportunities for travel?
* Are there any diversity initiatives I would be able to participate in as an employee?
* How many meetings would you say you have a week?
* How is mobility in the company? Between teams? Between offices?
* How does the promotion process work here?


UBER
Founded in 2009

June 2010: UberBLACK launches in San Francisco.
UberBLACK was the very first car service that Uber had. 
Luxury version 

Teams:
	Supply:
		make sure the number of cars on the road meets the demand.

	Demand:
		Uber always hires a Community Manager for a new city
		manages the marketing campaign and makes sure everyone in the city knows about Uber and that there are enough people demanding cars to justify the supply


	Growth:



Preparate para hablar sobre tus proyectos/trabajos. Deberias poder explicar porque tu y tu equipo tomaron las decisiones que tomaron en cuanto a eleccion de tecnologias, estrategias, algoritmos, etc. Tambien es bueno saber como responder preguntas clasicas tipo: "que fue lo mas dificil sobre el proyecto?" o "cual es un bug dificil que has solucionado", etc.

Ten una buena razon de porque quieres trabajar en Uber. Leete el engineering blog. Prepara 3-5 buenas preguntas por si acaso tu entrevistadores te preguntan si les quieres preguntar algo. Por lo general, es bueno preguntar sobre cosas que le importan a ese ingeniero. Las preguntas mas interesantes son menos sobre tecnologias en especifico y mas sobre la cultura de trabajo: "como manejan errores cometidos por los ingenieros?", "que tipos de esfuerzos open source hay dentro de la compañia?", etc. 


Tecnologias
	Java -> Spring
		Spring Framework
			Migrated to Spring boot
			Reasons:

			Testing not in place. Government project so everything that is developed needs a Independent verification and validation.
			Sloopy configuration in xml based. Hard to modify and include new settings
			OAuth2 Authentication already in placed within Spring Boot


			Spring boot
			To provide a radically faster and widely accessible ‘getting started’ experience for all Spring development

			To provide a range of non-functional features that are common to large classes of projects 
			(e.g. embedded servers, security, metrics, health checks, externalized configuration)	

			How:
			Researched best resources for migration or spring projects with updated source. 
			Found a bookb called REST 

			Balaji Varanasi is a software development manager and technology entrepreneur. He has over 13 years of experience architecting and developing Java/.Net applications and, more recently, iPhone apps.
			He has a Master s Degree in Computer Science and serves as adjunct faculty, teaching programming and information system courses.
			University of Phoenix

			Production?



	Python

		Data Loder



	OSRM
		Researched what technologies would best appropiate for transit. OSRM uses GTFS which is a format developed by google to represent
		transit information. It's on continous development and improvement




